Peoples - 
Ashken Men - barbarians who live in the forrests of teutony.  Their cities are scattered and independant.  Many live in the old way of tribes and clans.  The only thing that can unify the Ashken is news of a Bal Ammon invasion.  Many battles have been fought at Cartpass, the narrow passage in the mountains that snake down the gittering range to separate the forrest of Teutony with Bal Ammon.

Hero: Harold Von Valswain: A known hero known far and white in the forrests of Teutony.  He is entering his twighlight years, but does not want to die alone in his bed.  HE still believes there is great adventure to be had.  He has just returned from the quelling of the underork siege in the Dwarven Downs, where a great host of barbarians relieved the dwarves, and were rewarded with dwarven steel.  With their new wepons and armor, Harold seeks to take his Ashken men, to the Cartpass as a show of force againt the Ammon Empire and end the growing raids of the expanding empire.

Ammons - Far to the east lies the vast Empire of Bal Ammon. Their armies command fearson war charriots.  The Ammon have built great cities and control everything from the eastern sea to the gittering range in the north, to the mountains that seprate the steppes and the Forrests of Teutony.  Although the Ammon claim the forrests of Teutony, attempts at conqueseting into Teutony have been logistically challanging.  They are ruled by their Priests who hold the king as a god, among their pantheon.

Hero: Pal-Thamon has a distinquished career as a charioteer.  He has seen many battles both in the souther wastes, and defending the borders of Bal Ammon against barbarian attacks.  When he was but a boy, he went with his father to fight against the Sky Elves in the north.  They were victorious, and Pal-Thamon even slew an one of the Sky Elves.  The priests of Bal Ammon have seen a vision of a hidden passage across the Glittering range, into the barbarian forrets.  He is to find it, and he will be granted his own army to go forth and conquer.

"Seren-el" - The Seren, are the sky elves who live beyond the glittering range.  They were once a mighty empire who ruled the most of the overland. It is believed that when the Seren Empire was at its peak that there were 10 floating cities, and they could move freely throughout the overland.  There are now only 3 known cities of the Seren, they they appear to be permanently trapped in the heart of the glittering range.  The seren seem obvivious to their plight, and still believe that the overland belongs to them.

Hero: Wren Skyclever  Wren's father was known far and wide for breaking the treebridge of Teuton, a siege 1000 years ago made by the barbarians against Royalwind, one of the last three floating cities.  The Sky Elves have never forgotten just how dangerous a unified force of humans could be.  Now Wren is tasked to enter the forrests of Teuton with a small adventure party. Disguised as a Trig-El, she is to discover the source of the rumours of dwarven steel being sold to barbarians.  If it is true the the dwarves have sold their accursed metal to the barbarians, it could mean war between the Dwarves and the Saren-el.  Wren will find the mercents responsible and punish them with the death demanded in the pact which forbad the secrets of earth and sky being sold to the younger races.

Trig-el - The Trig-el are outcasts of the great cities of elves.  They are often choose the life of mercenaries, pirates, and bandits.  They bear resentment towards the seren for some forgotten slight, and often clash with their own kind as well.  The seren in turn consider the Trig-el to be impure, and keep them away from their cities.

Hero: Captain Whynne.  Whynne was a mercenary who fought on both sides of the Undersiege.  The dwarves know of his fearsome band, and have both rewarded him for holding the Downquarters, and exiling him for later invading it after the goblins promised him riches.  When the goblins didnt deliver, he turned his alliegence again.  The dwarves, were relieved, but learned a painfull lesson of the Trig, trust them as long as you can pay them.  Whynne now seeks his fortune in the west.   He is trying to aquire a fleet of ships, and turn his band into pirates.

"wild-el" - wild elves, live in the northern forrests bordering the Glittering Range.  They are an elusive people, sometimes living among the  Ashken, and other times waring against them.  They set themselves apart from the Trig, tracing their roots to a Legend of a great Sky Elf city which came down to earth and planted the forrests of Teutony.

Laneshadow - The Fathers of the Wild-el have heard of the damage that was done to the forrests of Trigflight for many years.  Though the Wild ones morned the loss of Trigflight, they were too few in number to do anything.  Now the kings of Teuton, senseing a shift in the balance of power, have told the wild ones a truth, spun to fit an aliance of war.  The Bal-Ammon are coming for the forrests of Teuton.  They are coming for the great trees.  Laneshadow, hero of the wild ones has been sent by the Fathers to survey the damage of Trigflight, and see if it can be saved.  He searches for the Earthroot, the center of all forrests. 

Dwarves - The Dwarves are a short stout people who have ruled the underlandsd for thousand of years. They have built great cities, under mountains, and in the depths.  Thier roads and twisted mines span the length of the lands.  Their steel is the finest of metals and far out matches the bronze, bone, coper and silver used by other races.  Thousand of years ago, the Elves and Dwarves came to an agreement which split their Empires to one of Above and Below.  Since then the younger races have multipied and threatened their balance of the world.  A horde of orcs and goblins have laid sieve to teh Dwarven Downs for years, now, and has only recenly been broken with the Dwarven Merchant guilds broke a 2000 year old pact, and agreed to give weapons to the Barbarians of Teutony in exchange for their help breaking the siege.  With the Orcs sent to the flight of the depths, The Downs were free, but at what cost?

Hero: Boldor the Orkhammer.  Bolder was an orphan who made his own Name and house from his bravery and Exploits in the Downsiege. The strong reckless hero needs no introduction in any place in the underlands.  Both Dwarf and Goblin know his name, each speaking it as a blessing or a curse, depending on which side of the wall they fought.  Bolder, has now been sent to the never ending tunnels of the Down to secure then against further Ork attacks.
